UNIVERSITY OF HELSINKI APPLICATION
- HISTÓRIO COM E SEM TRADUÇÃO
- VERÃO (traduçao)
- mrhs (already in english)
- schubert calculus (already in english)



a. What are your motives to apply for the Master's Programme in Mathematics and Statistics at the University of Helsinki?
(1000 character limit)

Ever since I was a child I loved maths, so when it was time to choose what to study in university, maths was the obvious choice, and although I had no idea what studying maths was like, as I went on with my studies I realized that it was exactly what I loved. During my time in university I joined undergraduate research projects in a few different areas of maths, and even though it was really hard to grasp concepts of advanced math I had never heard before, it made me realize how diverse maths really is, and how amazing it is to study it. As time went on, my love for math grew stronger and I knew that I wanted to persue a career in maths and eventually become a researcher and professor, so joining a master's program is the clear next step in this journey.
When it came to choosing Helsinki, as Finland is a leader in education worldwide, the University of Helsinki would be an incredible place to continue my maths journey, but that's not the sole reason, Finland also interests me for other reasons, as someone who loves learning about other cultures and languages, I became very interested in learning the Finnish language, even though it has the reputation to be really hard, I find it very interesting and beautiful.

---------------

Ever since I was a child I loved maths, so when it was time to choose what to study in university, maths was the obvious choice, and although I had no idea what studying maths was like, as I went on with my studies I realized that it was exactly what I loved. Since then I joined undergraduate research projects that made me realize how diverse maths really is, and even though it's tough, how amazing it is to study it. As time went on, my love for math grew stronger and I knew that I wanted to pursue a career in maths, so joining a master's program is the clear next step in this journey.
When it came to choosing Helsinki, as Finland is a leader in education worldwide, the University of Helsinki would be an incredible place to continue my maths journey, but that's not the sole reason, as someone who loves learning about other cultures and languages, I became very interested in the Finnish language, even though it has the reputation to be really hard, I find it very interesting and beautiful.

(1001 characters)

-----------

Ever since I was a child I loved maths, so when it was time to choose what to study in university, maths was the obvious choice, and although I had no idea what studying maths was like, as I went on with my studies I realized that it was exactly what I loved. Since then I joined undergraduate research projects that made me realize how diverse maths really is, and even though it's tough, it's an amazing thing to study. As time went on, my love for math grew stronger and I knew that I wanted to pursue a career in maths, so joining a master's program is the clear next step in this journey.
When it came to choosing Helsinki, as Finland is a leader in education worldwide, the University of Helsinki would be the perfect place to continue my maths journey, but that's not the sole reason, as someone who loves learning about other cultures and languages, I became very interested in the Finnish language, even though it has the reputation to be quite hard, I find it very interesting and beautiful.

(1000 characters !!!)

-----------------

b. How do your previous studies enable you to succeed in the studies of the Master's Programme in Mathematics and Statistics?
(500 character limit)

For my classes I had to study many different areas of maths, including analysis, geoemtry, algebra and topology. And as mentioned in the previous question, I took part in different undergraduate research projects, in areas such as differential equations and algebra. I have also joined a master's level class in Rn analysis. Those combined provided me with deeper understanding of advanced mathematics and some experience of what it feels like to study maths outside of a basic curriculum

(439 characters, can write some more)

------------

c. How do the studies of the Master's Programme in Mathematics and Statistics complement and broaden your previous studies?
(500 character limit)

The curriculum at the University of Helsinki stood out to me a lot, there are many courses that would complement my previous studies, the biggest example is the course on Sobolev spaces which I'm currently studying some properties for my thesis, but being able to take a course on it would mean I could go deeper in the theory and learn a lot more, to give an example, fractionary Sobolev spaces. Another example are the two functional analysis courses, which are very complete, and would be complement my studies a lot.
The fact that these courses are offered would mean a potential opportunity to join a research group in that field, and that would be an incredible opportunity


(over the character limit)

The curriculum stood out to me a lot, there are many courses that would complement my previous studies, the biggest example is the course on Sobolev spaces which I'm currently studying some properties for my thesis, but being able to take a course on it would mean I could go deeper in the theory and learn a lot more, to give an example, fractional Sobolev spaces. Another example is the two functional analysis courses, which are very complete and would complement my studies a lot.

--------------

d. Specify how studying in the Master's Programme in Mathematics and Statistics relates to your career objectives and what you wish to achieve by completing your master's degree. 
(500 character limit)

After completing my master's, I plan to join a PhD program and eventually pursue a career as a researcher and professor of mathematics. The University of Helsinki is the perfect environment for achieving this goal. I believe that mathematical knowledge is best shared, and I would benefit greatly from being surrounded by students who share the same passion for advancing in the field. Furthermore, many professors at the university specialize in research areas that align with my academic interests.

After completing my master's, I hope to join a PhD program and eventually pursue a career as a researcher and professor of mathematics. The University of Helsinki is the perfect environment for achieving this goal. I believe that mathematical knowledge is best shared, and it would be very beneficial to be surrounded by other people who share a love for mathematics. Furthermore, many professors at the university specialize in research areas that align with my academic interests.

(potentially mention research group here)

(453 characters, good reasons, just need to improve the flow)

e. Outline your academic interests in the chosen field, i.e. indicate what you see as being the topic of your Master's thesis and how it relates to this Master's Programme.
(500 character limit)

My chosen area of study is analysis. For my bachelor's thesis, I'm currently studying Sobolev spaces and weak solutions to the Navier-Stokes equations. My current idea for my master's thesis is to continue studying (functional) analysis and possibly continue studying topics related to the Navier-Stokes equations. Lately, I have also been interested in harmonic analysis, which is something that's not included in the curriculum of many universities, but it is something I can study in Helsinki.

(494 characters, can improve this answer)

f. Draw up a study plan. How will you complete your Master's studies in two years’ time?
(2000 character limit)

My choices would obviously depend on the courses offered in each semester but the main idea is as follows

For my first semester, I would like to take some core classes in my chosen area, such as real analysis, functional analysis or partial differential equations, but I also think it's of extreme importance to take courses outside of one's chosen area, for me, that would mean taking a class in topology or differential geometry.

For my second semester, I would continue with a focus in analysis, this time with some more advanced topics like spectral theory, Fourier analysis or complex analysis and continue with courses that include a second part such as functional analysis and if possible still take a class in area outside of analysis to broaden my knowledge, because a good mathematician doesn't just study one specific subject.

For my third semester, I want to be able to start my master's thesis and take courses that would be beneficial for the thesis, as of my current plan that includes courses like Sobolev spaces, harmonic analysis. I hope to work closely with an advisor who shares my interest in analysis, which will provide me with valuable guidance and feedback throughout the thesis process.

For my last semester, I hope to have achieved all necessary credits so that the only thing left is to finish my thesis and I can fully focus on that, but if necessary I would continue taking advanced analysis courses. If my thesis work allows, I would also like to attend advanced seminars or participate in research discussion groups, as I believe that's an extremely important part of being a maths student.

(1261 characters, still has room for improvement in the 3rd/4th paragraph)

--------------------

Scholarship question
How will your studies at the University of Helsinki contribute to the advancement of knowledge in your chosen field of study? Is the Master's Programme in Mathematics and Statistics at the University of Helsinki your first choice? If so, please explain why. How would the scholarship improve your commitment and contribution to the degree programme?
(3000 character limit)

The university of Helsinki is a perfect environment for research, there are many research group opportunities, I think being able to collaborate with other like minded people would be a great way of contributing to the knowledge in our field, of course doing new research during a master's program is very tough but in the right place and with the right people it could be possible.
The University of Helsinki is my first choice for a master's degree, its wide range of advanced courses in analysis, including, but not limited to, Sobolev spaces and harmonic analysis, which align with my research interests, incredible professors, those combined make the University of Helsinki a clear first choice for me. Not only that, Finland is an amazing country and it would be a great opportunity to be able to live and study there.
The scholarship is a big necessity for me, affording the tuition fee is a big challenge for me and my family.I would be able to fully dedicate myself to my studies and take advantage of all the resources the university offers, from advanced coursework to research opportunities. Additionally, it would allow me to participate in academic events, such as seminars and conferences, without financial concerns. Studying and living in Finland has long been a dream of mine, and with the scholarship, this dream could become a reality. I would be deeply committed to making the most of this opportunity by excelling academically and actively contributing to the university’s academic community.

(i want to make this answer as long as possible)



--------

For one of my classes one of my friends asked me to teach her the subject after she did badly on the first exam, which I did, and eventually helping one person turned into me organizing revision classes over google meet for around 10 people. The idea of eventually getting a PhD and becoming a professor was already in my mind, but I was scared of not being able to teach well, when I saw that the people I had taught had improved since the first exam, it made me so happy that I was able to help them.


The University of Helsinki is a perfect environment for research, offering many research group opportunities. I believe that being able to collaborate with like-minded people would be a great way to contribute to the knowledge in our field. Of course, conducting new research during a master's program is very challenging, but I am confident that, in the right environment, it is possible. By working closely with experienced professors and engaging with peers who share similar academic interests, I hope to contribute meaningfully through my thesis and participation in seminars and research discussions.
The idea of pursuing a PhD and becoming a professor has always been on my mind, but I initially doubted my teaching abilities. That changed when a friend, after struggling with an exam, asked me for help. What started as one-on-one tutoring turned into regular revision sessions for about ten students. Seeing their improvement gave me confidence in my ability to teach and strengthened my commitment to an academic career.
The University of Helsinki is my first choice for a master's degree. Its wide range of advanced courses in analysis, including Sobolev spaces and harmonic analysis, which align with my research interests, combined with the presence of incredible professors, makes it a clear first choice for me. Not only that, but Finland is an amazing country, and it would be a great opportunity to live and study there.
The scholarship is a necessity for me, as affording the tuition fee is a significant challenge for my family and me. Receiving the scholarship would allow me to fully dedicate myself to my studies and take advantage of all the resources the university offers, from advanced coursework to research opportunities. Additionally, it would enable me to participate in academic events, such as seminars and conferences, without financial concerns. Studying and living in Finland has long been a dream of mine, and with the scholarship, this dream could become a reality. I would be deeply committed to making the most of this opportunity by excelling academically and actively contributing to the university’s academic community.

The University of Helsinki is a perfect environment for research, offering many research group opportunities. I believe that being able to collaborate with like-minded people would be a great way to contribute to the knowledge in our field. Of course, conducting new research during a master's program is very challenging, but I am confident that, in the right environment, it is possible. By working closely with experienced professors and engaging with peers who share similar academic interests, I hope to contribute meaningfully through my thesis and participation in seminars and research discussions.
The University of Helsinki is my first choice for a master's degree. Its wide range of advanced courses in analysis, including Sobolev spaces and harmonic analysis, which align with my research interests, combined with the presence of incredible professors, makes it a clear first choice for me. Not only that, but Finland is an amazing country, and it would be a great opportunity to live and study there.
The scholarship is a necessity for me, as affording the tuition fee is a significant challenge for my family and me. Receiving the scholarship would allow me to fully dedicate myself to my studies and take advantage of all the resources the university offers, from advanced coursework to research opportunities. Additionally, it would enable me to participate in academic events, such as seminars and conferences, without financial concerns. Studying and living in Finland has long been a dream of mine, and with the scholarship, this dream could become a reality. I would be deeply committed to making the most of this opportunity by excelling academically and actively contributing to the university’s academic community.



The University of Helsinki is the perfect for a master's in mathematics, one of the reasons being the many research group opportunities. I believe that being able to collaborate with like-minded people would be a great way to contribute to the knowledge in our field. Of course, doing new research during a master's program is very hard, but I believe that, in the right place, it is possible. By working closely with experienced professors and other students who have similar interests. I hope to contribute with my thesis and by taking part in seminars and other academic events.
The University of Helsinki is my first choice for a master's degree. Its wide range of advanced courses in analysis, including Sobolev spaces and harmonic analysis, which align with my research interests, combined with the incredible professors who are experts in the field, make it a clear first choice for me. Not only that, but Finland is an amazing country, and it would be a great opportunity to live and study there.
The scholarship is a must for me, since affording the tuition fee is a huge challenge for me and my family.
Having the scholarship would let me fully focus on my studies and take full advantage of what the university offers, from advanced courses to research projects. It would also give me the chance to participate in events like seminars, lectures, and conferences. Studying and living in Finland has been a dream of mine for a really long time, and with the scholarship, that dream could finally come true. I’d be committed to making the most of this chance by excelling in my master’s and working on a thesis that might contribute to the university’s academic community.


